---
title: The Story of my TP3 SDA
date: 2023-12-07 20:41:30 +0700
categories: [Feelings]
tags: motivation     # TAG names should always be lowercase
---

## Introduction

Let's start with the premise that _Data Structure and Algorithm_ is very hard for me.

Unlike most of my friends that I observe (notice that I can be bias here because I only observe those who are in my friend group) I am `bad at coding`.

You may ask, "Really? Darrel is a student at the University of Indonesia and he can't code?" and I think that very comment is fair. Let me explain by what did I meant when I say I am _bad at coding_. So, unlike most of my friends, I am not a hardcore coder. I only see programming as a tool.

What do I mean by programming as a tool? I see programming as a tool where I can do data science. I can automate certain things on my laptop by doing programming. I can make my computer do hard math when I am too lazy to calculate it by hand. This is what I mean by I see programming as a tool.

Because of this relationship with programming that I have, I am not the guy you want to be dealing with thousands of lines of code. The most line of code that I can handle in my comfort zone is around 200 ish. Maybe 500 at max if it's not that hard. But well oh well, I am a student at the University of Indonesia. The standards here is very high.

I am often overwhelemed with my own code. This is one of the reason I cannot code for my DSA class. It's because it's just too overwhelming to trace everything. And I am not the kinda guy who likes _brutal_ computer science programming. 

Well, let's just agree that people have their own strength and weakness yeah?

## The Suprise

With that premise, you can guess my score at my _Tugas Pemograman (TP)_ score. My first and second TP score was 12 and 4 accordingly. Suprising? I guess not.

But what's suprising is my TP3 score. I got 51 for it. I am very lucky and happy for the score. I really really am. It feels impossible considering that I expect to only get 0 this time due to the score trend of each TP.

## Lesson Learned

Well, the only thing that I wanna say is that nothing is impossible I guess. Anything can happen. You just need to work for it and hope that luck is with you. I am not the kinda guy who believe in luck btw. I used that word to make this blog universal. But, if you're religious, you can subtitute the word luck with God. I really believe that if the thing that you want feels impossible but that's God's will to happen, well nothing can stop it from happening to you.